---
date: 2024-02-24
---
## Resources
- [[CoS Companion - Digital - Lite.pdf#page=202|Van Richten's Tower (Companion)]]
- [[The Interactive Tome of Strahd.pdf#page=4|Tome of Strahd (Youth)]]

## Details to Remember
- When the moon comes out, [[Faerah Duskrane]] hears [[Drow Eilistraee|Eilistraee's]] voice
- Marin hears whispers a dark voice in her head
	- Urges her to take power for herself
- Redgrave feels a sense of deja vu when around anything that deals with the Order of the Silver Dragon

## Strong Start  
As the mist swirls around you, clinging to your skin like a shroud of ominous whispers, you find yourself standing at the precipice of uncertainty once more. The journey that led you away from the troubled streets of Vallaki has brought you to the doorstep of a forsaken tower, its ancient stones weathered by time and cloaked in an eerie silence that seems to whisper of secrets long forgotten.

Outside, a solitary wagon sits abandoned, its owner vanished into the mists that enshroud the forest. Yet, it is not the wagon that draws your attention, but the looming presence of the tower itself, its darkened windows like eyes peering into the depths of your soul. With trepidation, you ascend its spiraling staircase, drawn inexorably towards the unknown that awaits you at its peak.

And there, amidst the dust and decay of ages past, you uncover a relic of dread—the journal of Strahd von Zarovich. As its pages unfurl before you, a chill grips your heart, and a vision unfolds—a vision of the ancient vampire lord, his visage twisted and transformed into that of a young boy, innocence tainted by the darkness that consumes him. What secrets lie buried within these pages? What horrors await those who dare to delve into the depths of Strahd's past? Only time will tell, as the shadows of Barovia close in around you, and the echoes of the tower's secrets reverberate through the night.

## Scenes  
- [[Ezmerelda Davenir]] runs to the tower severely injured (30 HP). She is being pursued by [[Kiril Stoyanovich]] and a group of werewolves and wolfs.

## Secrets and Clues  
- 

## Fantastic Locations  
- Tome of Strahd (Chapter 1): A courtyard with beautiful greenery all around. Several trees cast shade inside the courtyard. The stone are clean and look well maintained.

## Important NPCs  
- [[Ezmerelda Davenir]] - A dark skinned human. She a colorful red coat on and wears a fine rapier on her hip. She stands tall and confident, despite her mechanical left leg.
- [[Rahadin]] - A dusk elf in formal attire. He looks serious under his furrowed brows and holds himself with dignity.

## Potential Monsters
```encounter-table
name: Wolf Ambush
creatures:
- 1: "Kiril Stoyanovich"
- 6: Werewolf
- 9: Wolf

---

name: Battle inside Tome of Strahd
creatures:
- 3: Guard
- 1: "Battle Priest"
```

## Potential Treasure  
- [[Charlatans Die]] 
- [[Driftglobe]] 
- [[Enduring Spellbook]] 
- [[Libram Of Souls And Flesh]] 
- [[Shadowfell Shard]] 
- Spell Scroll of [[Major Image]] 
- Spell Scroll of [[Remove Curse]] 
- [[Wand Of Secrets]] 