---
date: 2024-03-09T00:00:00-06:00
---
## Resources
- When the moon comes out, [[Faerah Duskrane]] hears [[Drow Eilistraee|Eilistraee's]] voice
- Marin hears whispers a dark voice in her head
	- Urges her to take power for herself

## Details to Remember


## Strong Start  
As the echoes of Strahd's haunting past fade into the ether, you find yourselves still reeling from the revelations unveiled by the magical Tome of Strahd. The innocence of his childhood juxtaposed with the darkness that would come to consume him weighs heavily upon your minds as you stand within the solemn confines of the tower. But before you can fully process the weight of this knowledge, a sudden urgency grips the air—a mysterious wounded woman, her desperate plea for aid punctuated by the howls of approaching werewolves.

With little hesitation, you find yourselves thrust into action once more, drawn into a fray not of your making but one that demands your courage nonetheless. As the moon casts its baleful light upon the forest, shadows dance ominously amidst the trees, heralding the arrival of the lupine menace that hunts its prey with ruthless abandon. Without knowing the full extent of the danger that surrounds you, you make a pact, a silent vow to stand united against the encroaching darkness, to defend this tower and its secrets from those who would seek to tear it asunder.

And so, as the first snarls of the werewolves echo through the night, you steel yourselves for battle, your resolve unyielding in the face of adversity. What horrors await you beyond the tower's threshold, and what secrets lie buried within the heart of the forest? Only time will tell, as the clash of fang and steel reverberates through the night, and the fate of Barovia hangs in the balance once more.

## Scenes  


## Secrets and Clues  


## Fantastic Locations  


## Important NPCs  


## Potential Monsters  


## Potential Treasure  
