---
date: 2024-06-29
tags:
  - session-prep
---
## Resources


## Details to Remember
```dataviewjs
dv.list(dv.pages("#session-journal").file.lists.where(t => t.text.includes("#remember")).map((t) => t.text))
```

## Strong Start  
Last session, you faced critical choices and ventured into unknown territories. Weighing the ruins of Berez for a potential artifact from Madam Eva’s reading, you ultimately decided to press onward to Mount Ghakis in search of the elusive Fiend's Chili, crucial for curing Seluvis's lycanthropy. After a determined trek, you crossed the Luna River and arrived at the base of Mount Ghakis, only to be disturbed during the night by the ominous creaking of wood. Investigating, you discovered a mysterious tree bearing an ancient house in its branches and soon met the sinister Baba Lysaga.

When you mentioned your impending dinner with Strahd, she offered to teleport you directly to his castle. Although wary, you accepted her hospitality, except for Yevelda, whose insolence led Baba Lysaga to transform her into a goat. Quick thinking by Redgrave averted disaster, convincing the witch to revert Yevelda. Capitalizing on the moment, you retreated up Mount Ghakis, enduring a grueling climb to find the Fiend’s Chili at the peak. Seluvis crafted the potion, curing his lycanthropy, but your discovery of a massive, foreboding temple carved into the mountain hinted at even greater mysteries and dangers ahead. The temple’s dark presence looms, promising both peril and potential as your journey continues.

## Notes
- Each time the Amber Temple tolls the adventure it manifests through a shockwave that emits from [[15 Chapter 13 The Amber Temple#X42. Amber Vault|The Amber Vault]]
### Entrance of the Amber Temple
- [[Curse of Strahd Companion.pdf#page=236|Companion]]
- DC 20 Wisdom Saving Throw or be [[Conditions#Frightened|Frightened]]

## Scenes  
- The Amber Temple has a creeping living darkness

## Secrets and Clues  
- [[Yevelda Ovak]] barbarian tribe is originally from Barovia

## Fantastic Locations


## Important NPCs  
- [[Vilnius]] - Is treacherous and will use the party to get through the temple. Vilnius and his master Jakarion got separated while trying to fight off an amber golem. Vilnius casted a [[Fireball]] which he got caught up in.
- [[Exethanter]] - Is forgetful during regular conversations. His true personality can be glimpsed when answering a question about the Amber Temple. He wants the adventures to explore the Temple and offers information on getting through the traps.
- Helwa - has gone insane from being in the temple. Confuses [[Yevelda Ovak]] with her mother, Helga.
### Coven
- Gretchen - he youngest witch with toadlike eyes. She has accepted the Dark Gift of Delban, the Star of Ice and Hate. She can cast cone of cold (spell save DC 15) seven times, and has resistance to cold damage. As part of her Dark Gift, fire now terrifies her.
- Matilda -  miserly old crone destined to accept the Dark Gift of Tarakamedes if given the chance. She loudly complains that she deserves the next Dark Gift.
- Meredith -  warty voyeur and ruthless gossiper, destined to take the Dark Gift of the Kingmaker if given the chance. If you ran the Death in the Dead of Night storyline for Chapter 6, Meredith is the one that shepherded the small horde of zombies that accosted the adventurers; perhaps they recognize her, having caught a glimpse of her.

## Potential Monsters  
```encounter-table
name: Amber Golems
creatures:
- 2: Iron Golem
---
name: Barovian Witches
creatures:
- 3: Barovian Witch
- 3: Broom Of Animated Attack
---
name: Wildings
creatures:
- 1: Gladiator
- 2: Berserker
- 1: Dire Wolf
```

## Potential Treasure  
- 8 [[Potion Of Greater Healing]]
- [[Robe Of Useful Items]]
- [[Staff Of Frost]]
- [[Wand Of Lightning Bolts]]

## Checklist
- [ ] Tying [[Yevelda Ovak]] to the Barbarians in the Amber Temple
- [ ] Creating the maps of the Amber Temple
	- [ ] Make the Main chamber all about holding Vecna
		- [ ] The Top holds the amber crystal that hold Vecna
		- [ ] The bottom has the mechanism that ties him to this dimension
			- [ ] It's been corrupted to pull in souls from this dimension