---
date: 2024-05-11T00:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - session-prep
---
## Resources
### Argynvostholt 
- [[09 Chapter 7 Argynvostholt|Module]]
- [[Curse of Strahd Companion.pdf#page=150|Guide]]
### Ruins of Berez
- [[12 Chapter 10 The Ruins Of Berez|Module]]
- [[Curse of Strahd Companion.pdf#page=192|Guide]]

## Details to Remember
`$=dv.list(dv.pages('#session-journal').file.lists.where(t => t.text.includes("#remember")).map((t) => `${t.text} [[${t.section.path}#^${t.section.subpath}|Go To]]`))`

## Strong Start  
As the party's journey through the shadowed lands of Barovia continues, they depart from Van Richten's Tower with a sense of purpose, their path leading them southward towards Mount Ghakis in search of a cure for Seluvis's lycanthropy. Along the way, they chance upon the imposing silhouette of Argynvostholt, a once-grand castle now cloaked in the desolation of ruin. This forsaken stronghold, once the bastion of the Order of the Silver Dragon, holds secrets and echoes of a bygone era.

Venturing within, the adventurers find themselves face to face with Vladimir Horngaard, the castle's enigmatic leader. Yet, as they seek aid in their quest, they are met with unexpected resistance. Vladimir's desires diverge from their own, his allegiance to Strahd von Zarovich rooted in a desire for the vampire lord's perpetual torment rather than his demise. With tensions high and alliances strained, Vladimir's decree is clear: leave Argynvostholt and its secrets behind. And so, as the party stands at the crossroads of destiny, the weight of their mission bears heavy upon their shoulders, and the shadows of Barovia whisper of trials yet to come.

## Scenes  
- As the party departs [[Argynvostholt]], Strahd appears explaining that yesterday that an attempt on his life was made and that the assassin and Ireena disappeared from his sight for a time. He asks the party to explain how this happened.
	- Strahd doesn't want to fight and if attacked will charm a player and hold them hostage

## Secrets and Clues  


## Fantastic Locations  


## Important NPCs  
- [[Baba Lysaga]]
- Muriel Vinshaw ([[Wereraven]])

## Potential Monsters  
```encounter-table
creatures:
- 7: Scarecrow
---
creatures:
- 1: Baba Lysagas Creeping Hut
- 1: Baba Lysaga
```

## Potential Treasure  
