---
date: 2024-10-05
tags:
  - session-prep
---
## Resources


## Details to Remember
```dataviewjs
dv.list(dv.pages("#session-journal").file.lists.where(t => t.text.includes("#remember")).map((t) => t.text))
```

## Strong Start  
Last session, your careful planning and execution led to a daring raid on Baba Lysaga’s treetop lair. With Redgrave’s silence spell suppressing the magical alarms around the house, you managed to infiltrate the ancient structure unnoticed. Inside, you discovered the heart of the magical tree—a glowing green gem entangled in vines—and a mysterious, ghostly chest that remained untouchable by normal means. With quick thinking, the party used the bag of holding to scoop up the chest and forcibly removed the gem from its binding, making a swift escape before Baba Lysaga could react.

Retreating north to the safety of your newly claimed wizard's tower, you found it in ruins, its structure cracked and crumbling. Upon one of the shattered stones lay a chilling message: an invitation to Strahd's wedding with Ireena, revealing that she had been taken by Strahd during your absence and Izek is no where to be seen. The weight of this revelation presses upon you all as the fate of your companion now hangs in the balance.

## Scenes  
- When entering [[Castle Ravenloft]] the disembodied voice introduces the party as follows:
	- Marin: 

## Secrets and Clues  
- [[Seluvis Felo'melorn]] can investigate the ethereal chest and figure out a way to either travel to the ethereal realm or phase it into the material realm. Here are some relevant skill checks:
	- Arcana check to understand the chest's magical nature (DC 15)
	- Investigation check to identify the mechanism or weak points (DC 18)
	- Tinker's Tools to craft or modify a device to view or open the chest:
		- Modify the [[Eyes Of Minute Seeing]] to see into the etheral plane
		- Create a small portal to the ethereal plane
- Redgrave can remove his soul to go to the ethereal plane to open the chest

## Fantastic Locations  


## Important NPCs  


## Potential Monsters  


## Potential Treasure  
