---
date: 2024-04-23T00:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - session-prep
---
## Resources
### Argynvostholt 
- [[09 Chapter 7 Argynvostholt|Module]]
- [[CoS Companion - Digital - Lite.pdf#page=150|Guide]]
### Ruins of Berez
- [[12 Chapter 10 The Ruins Of Berez|Module]]
- [[CoS Companion - Digital - Lite.pdf#page=192|Guide]]

## Details to Remember
```dataviewjs
dv.list(dv.pages('#session-journal').sort(t=> t.date).file.lists.where(t => t.text.includes("#remember")).map((t) => t.text))
```

## Strong Start  
Amidst the shattered ruins of Khazan's tower, the party stands victorious yet weary after repelling Kiril's werewolf ambush. The once-sturdy walls now bear scars from the relentless assault, but the group's courage held firm against the lycanthropic onslaught. Despite Ezmerelda's wagon exploding and the roof nearly collapsing, their resolve prevailed. Kiril, the werewolf leader, met his end at the hands of the barbarian, a testament to their determination. But victory is bittersweet; the cost of battle weighs heavy as they gather amidst the wreckage. In the darkness that looms over Barovia, new perils await, and the adventurers must steel themselves for the trials ahead.

## Scenes  
- Traveling through the forest south the party the trees crowd around and make day look like night. Wind blows through the trees and you can swear you can hear whispers. 

## Secrets and Clues  
- [[Redgrave|Redgrave's]] true name is #remember #secret

## Fantastic Locations  


## Important NPCs  
- [[Sir Godfrey Gwilym]] 
- [[Vladimir Horngaard]] 
- [[Baba Lysaga]] 

## Potential Monsters  


## Potential Treasure  
- [[Potion Of Invulnerability]] ([[Argynvostholt]])
- 
