---
date: 2025-01-11
tags:
  - session-prep
---
## Resources


## Details to Remember
```dataviewjs
await dv.view('listsGroupedByTag', {searchTag: '#session-journal', listTag: '#remember'})
```

## Strong Start  
Last session, your journey led you to the beleaguered Wizard of Wines, where you found the Martikov family beaten and hiding in a small cottage. They begged for your aid, and you vowed to reclaim their home from the dark druids that had seized it. As you approached the winery, the earth erupted with twig blights and needle blights, and the druids emerged to defend their hold. The battle raged fiercely, and amidst the chaos, a flickering portal tore open in the field, and a mysterious wizard stepped through, joining your side without hesitation.

Together, you pushed back the encroaching forces, striking down the druids and their minions. Exhausted but victorious, you secured the winery, barricading its doors against the remaining forces outside. The Wizard of Wines now lay silent, but the shadows of Barovia still gather. Who was the wizard, and how long can remain safe from the evil that lurks just outside the door?

## Scenes  
- [[Yester Hill]]
	- As the players approach rain begins to fall and lightning strikes the top of the hill

## Secrets and Clues  


## Fantastic Locations  


## Important NPCs  
- The Prophet
	- Leader of the dark druids.
	- Seeks to expand and protect Strahd's domain

## Potential Monsters  
```encounter
name: Wizard of Wines
creatures:
- 10: Twig Blight
- 6: Needle Blight
- 3: Vine Blight
- 3: Druid
---
name: Yester Hill
creatures:
- 15: Twig Blight
- 4: Needle Blight
- 5: Vine Blight
- 5: Druid
- 1: Tree Blight
```

## Potential Treasure  
