---
date: 2025-03-15
tags:
  - session-prep
---
## Resources


## Details to Remember
```dataviewjs
await dv.view('listsGroupedByTag', {searchTag: '#session-journal', listTag: '#remember'})
```

## Notes
- Currently in [[Castle Ravenloft]] dungeon:
	- [[Ezmerelda Davenir (COS)]]
	- [[Izek Strazni (COS)]]

- In the hall waiting for the ceremony:
	- The Martikovs
		- [[Urwin Martikov (COS)]]
		- [[Danika Dorakova (COS)]]
		- [[Brom Martikov (COS)]]
		- [[Bray Martikov (COS)]]
		- [[Davian Martikov (COS)]]
		- [[Adrian Martikov]]
		- [[Elvir Martikov]]
		- (Stehania and Dag and their children are at [[The Wizard of Wines]])
	- The Vallakoviches (former Burgomaesters of [[Vallaki]])
		- Vargas Vallakovich
		- Lydia Petrovna
		- Victor Vallakovich
	- The Wachters
		- Fiona Wachter
		- [[Nikolai Wachter (COS)]]
		- Karl Watcher
		- Ernst Larnak (Watcher guard)
	- [[Rictavio (COS)]]
	- [[Ismark Kolyanovich (COS)]] - is angry with the party for letting Ireena be captured and demands to know what the plan is.
	- Strahd's Court
		- [[Escher (COS)]]
		- [[Anastrasya Karelova (COS)]]
		- 

- Introductions at the Gates
	- - **Redgrave, the Warforged Cleric**:  
	    _"Behold, Redgrave, the construct of faith—one who seeks to save souls while having none of his own. A shining beacon of devotion, if only he had a heart to feel it."_
    
	- **Faerah Duskrane, the Drow Rogue**:  
	    _"Faerah Duskrane, the drow shadow that moves within shadows. Perhaps she misses her home in the Underdark."_
	    
	- **Marin, the Half-Elf Warlock**:  
	    _"And here we have Marin, torn between two worlds and two souls. A pawn of greater powers, forever seeking what lies beyond, yet never satisfied with what she finds."_
	    
	- **Seluvis Felo'melorn, the High Elf Artificer**:  
	    _"Seluvis Felo'melorn, the brilliant artificer. So much knowledge in such a refined mind, yet always tinkering—perhaps in hopes of fixing that which cannot be mended."_
	    
	- **Yevelda Ovak, the Human Barbarian**:  
	    _"Yevelda Ovak, raw strength in human form, ever charging forward. But does she break chains, or simply wear new ones forged by her own hands?"_

## Strong Start  


## Scenes  


## Secrets and Clues  


## Fantastic Locations  


## Important NPCs  
- [[Rictavio (COS)]] has been invited to Strahd's wedding for entertainment. He has gifted his [[Saber Toothed Tiger]] as a gift to Strahd. He plans on releasing it as a distraction.

## Potential Monsters  


