---
obsidianUIMode: preview
cssclasses: json5e-note
tags:
- compendium/src/5e/saf
aliases: [""]
---
# 
*Source: Strongholds and Followers* 

> [!quote]- A quote from Robert Bolt, *Lawrence of Arabia* screenplay  
> 
> Big things have small beginnings.

## Foreword

In 1985 I was fifteen and a sophomore at Cypress High School, and I spent the year in my computer science class with Brad Thomas and Chris Steele talking about Elric and the Black Company and the Incarnations of Immortality. They were friends outside of school, part of a larger group, but I was still hanging out with the kids I grew up with in my apartment complex. I knew Chris and Brad played board games and roleplaying games, and I wanted in.

At the end of the school year I signed their yearbooks: "If you guys get together to play games, give me a call." They did. About thirty seconds later, they were my best friends. It changed my life.

We spent that summer playing board games and RPGs and going to the mall, and the arcade, and hanging out at the pool. It's a time and place that has now been immortalized and paid homage to in popular fiction. When I want to connect with my mother's formative years, I watch *American Graffiti*, filmed one town over from where she grew up. Folks looking for that same experience for my generation's formative years watch *Stranger Things*. It was easy for an adult back then watching us sitting around Dave Miles' pool table rolling strange dice, listening to Rush, and pretending to be elves to imagine we were wasting our time. And not just adults, a lot of our peers felt the same way. But I never did. I knew something worthwhile and remarkable would come out of the hobby: a lifetime of creativity and memories and shared experiences doing something amazing with my friends whom I loved. You don't need YouTube or Kickstarter, it's reward enough just ending up at the end of your life being able to look back on the worlds you created and shared with your friends and the heroic adventures you undertook. The hobby isn't a means to an end, it is an end unto itself. And while the places and events and people and things we create and meet in our secondary worlds are not real, one thing is.

Dreams are not real. Nothing that happens in a dream is real. With one exception. Chris Nolan wrote a whole movie about it.

*Inception* takes place in dreams but it's about movies. It argues that while all these people and places and events are not real, something in film is. The emotions you feel watching a movie are real. That's what gives them meaning and value. When I watch Casablanca I fall in love with Ilsa every time. Generations of kids watched *The Adventures of Robin Hood* and ran outside play-swordfighting. Because the emotions you feel at the movies are real. Inception is using dreams to make a point about movies. And, I argue, RPGs.

Don't let anyone tell you the hobby is a waste of time. Tell your friends you're going to get together and play tonight. Tell them you're going to do something real.

## Sine Qua Non

Thanks to Chris Ashton and Phil Robb for running the best game development studio in the business. The work we did together was real and vital.

Thanks to Robert Djordjevich for giving me my first break in video games, and the rest of the Pandemic Group: Austin Baker, Wallace Huang, Chad Nicholas, Larra Paoilli, and Jeff Vaughn.

Thanks to Christian Moore and Owen Seyler for giving me my first job in games and for being great mentors. And thanks to everyone else at Last Unicorn: Ross Issacs, George Vasilakos, Jay Longino, Inman Young, Charles and Tammie Ryan, Jess Heinig, Jeff Tidball, Ken Hite, and Steve Long.

Thanks to Anna and Jerry and Lars for taking a crazy chance on MCDM.

Thanks to Mike Mearls, Chris Perkins, Jeremy Crawford, and the rest of the 5E DevTeam for synthesizing forty years of RPG design into something new and fresh and fun to play and fun to design for.

And, lastly, my original GMs: John Mara, Brad Thomas, and Matt Thomas. The lessons they taught me from '85 to '92 still pay off. And to the rest of The Group: Jim Murphy, Dave Miles, Mark Hobbs, Devlon and Geoff, Chris and Craig, Jeff Houston, Matt Clyker, Paul LaPorte, Robert Harris, Travis Vail.

> [!quote]- A quote from